Edit menu docs (and some other additions) (#65)
aseprite/docs: preferences.md

* **Undo Limit**: The memory limit for undo information, in megabytes, for each sprite.
* **Go to modified frame/layer**: Sets the current frame/layer to the one where the undo occurred.
* **Allow non-linear history**: See the [Undo History](undo-history.md#non-linear-undo-history) section. 
* **Show Undo Tooltip**: Show the undo tooltip in the bottom right corner of the window.

## Theme

* **Font**: Sets the program font.
* **Mini Font**: Sets the program mini font.

## Extensions

* **Add Extension**: Opens a file dialog to add an extension.
* **Disable**: Disables the selected extension.
* **Uninstall**: Uninstalls the selected extension.

> * **Open Folder**: Opens a file dialog in the file location of the selected extension.

Reviewer: Some minor rewording:
```suggestion
* **Add Extension**: Opens a file dialog to select an extension to add (a `.zip` or `.aseprite-extension` file).
* **Disable**: Disables the selected extension.
* **Uninstall**: Uninstalls the selected extension.
* **Open Folder**: Opens a native file explorer (Windows File Explorer or macOS Finder) in the folder where the selected extension is installed.
```
